feat: Support `basePath` in options-per-service for openapi generator - Option 2 (#5247)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: .changeset/chilled-flowers-freeze.md

Reviewer: I think that's fine, both features are documented separately. They will be merged in final changelog anyay.

Reviewer 2: Oh true, they are actually different features.

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/openapi': minor
---

> [New Functionality] Introduce `setBasePath()` method on the OpenAPI request builder which allows to set the base path dynamically. This gets prepended with the path parameter for every request to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[New Functionality] Introduce `setBasePath()` method on the OpenAPI request builder, allowing a custom base path URL to be set for a single request. This base path is prepended to the API path for that request.
```

Author: Good catch!
